refactor: separation of debug-related functions from the main body (#18)
tier4/tilde_lite: src/mtt_checker/README.md

  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -m mode, --mode mode  simple: check stamp only, normal: default
  -p time, --periodic time
                        periodic time default:100.0 (ms)
  -d time, --deadline time
                        deadline detect time default:200.0 (ms)
  -t name, --topic name

>                         topic name: Specify the target topic if there are multiple MTTs in the rosbag. default: for_tilde_interpolator_mtt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        topic name: Specify the target topic if there are multiple MTTs in the rosbag. Devault value is "for_tilde_interpolator_mtt".
```

```

出力(結果は最終行辺り)  
**シンプルモード**  
MTT の stamp とその間隔のみで簡易的にデッドラインミスを検出する

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```
